---
title: Atom.io
author: Kenneth
type: post
date: 2016-04-18T00:00:00+00:00
url: /reviews/atom-io/
featured_image: /wp-content/uploads/2016/04/11VYeXcZLfCE9sLCviKDpEw.png
categories:
  - Reviews
tags: []
summary: ''

---
#### First thoughts on using GitHub’s&nbsp;editor {#3afb.graf.graf--h4.graf-after--h3.graf--subtitle}

<p id="97bf" class="graf graf--p graf-after--figure">
  There are a lot of editors and IDE’s out there. Each with their own unique style and flavor to please a certain crowd.<br /> For a long time I used PhpStorm to develop my applications but recently I decided to try something else. Atom.io was the first editor on my mind to try out.
</p>

<p id="7772" class="graf graf--p graf-after--p">
  When you first download <a class="markup--anchor markup--p-anchor" href="https://atom.io/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" data-href="https://atom.io/">Atom.io</a> it comes installed with a few core features that makes editing and working on text and code a lot easier than a regular textpad.
</p>

<p id="26c2" class="graf graf--p graf-after--p">
  These core features can be extended by what are called “Packages”. These packages are mostly maintained by the community.<br /> Now this is not a small community that we are talking about. And this only helps Atom.io become a better editor.
</p>

<p id="6984" class="graf graf--p graf-after--p">
  If there is a feature you would love but that is not available then Atom.io allows you to create your own package.<br /> This means that you can extend Atom.io the way you like.
</p>

<p id="58e0" class="graf graf--p graf-after--p">
  Besides the features you can also install a bunch of themes. Thus you can easily change the way Atom.io looks.<br /> Just like the features these are maintained by the community. This also means you can easily create your own theme.
</p>

<p id="a443" class="graf graf--p graf-after--p">
  In <a class="markup--anchor markup--p-anchor" href="https://schabrechtsk.be/announcements/atom-io-packages-and-theme-f109976230a9/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" data-href="https://medium.com/@agilix_/atom-io-packages-and-theme-f109976230a9#.edxiwuiji">this post</a> I list some handy packages that I use with a small explanation. Even though theme’s are more based on taste I added one that might prove useful due to it’s features.
</p>

<p id="9dd2" class="graf graf--p graf-after--p graf--trailing">
  I recommend giving Atom.io a try. It might not be the best IDE or editor there is but it’s highly customize-able and there is a large community behind it. Let me know what you think of Atom.io.
</p>